# Group rules
In order to publish a project in the repository of the IoT University group, you must follow these basic rules applicable to all projects.

## Code:
  * All the source code and different approved versions must be included.
  * All the file and variables names and commentaries in the code must be defined in english.
  * If the code is developed in Python, it must follow the PEP 8 style guide.
  * A document called requirements.txt must be included and it must enunciate all the libraries required by the project with its corresponding versions.

## Documentation:
Each project must be properly documented and it must include at least an installation and user manual. These manuals must include at least the following topics:
  * Hardware and software requirements.
  * The software requirements must include the programming language version and a list of the libraries required by the project with its corresponding version.
  * A detailed procedure with a step by step description of the project installation and/or usage.
  * Troubleshooting for the most common issues during project installation and/or usage.
  * The final version of the paper generated by the project must be included. The article must be uploaded in PDF format. The Sharelatex URL reference must be included, along with the references of all the collaborators involved in the paper, in the same order of precedence stablished in the article.
  * A synopsis of the project is required.
  * All the documents must be written in plain American english.

## Testing:
All test must be properly documented. These documentation must include at least the following:
* Test description.
* Assumptions.
* Performance metrics(where applicable).
* Conclusions.
* Potential improvements.
* All the documents must be written in plain American english.
